[Music]
you know choices are almost always hard
to make especially when you have to
choose something yeah but what about
choices which your life depends on today
I've prepared a thorny challenge for you
you'll be transported to a hallway that
consists of several sections each
section will teleport you to a different
place and put a different puzzle before
you what they all have in common is a
single rule you'll need to decide on one
way to proceed further you can make no
more than three mistakes on your way to
freedom how long can you last in my
lethal maze open the first door if you
dare and let's find out okay welcome my
brave adventurer you find yourself in a
dark room with a single torch hanging on
the opposite wall to either side of the
torch there is a door behind the door on
the left there's a hungry wolf that will
attack and try to eat you when you enter
behind the one on the right there's a
swamp that will suck you in if you step
foot in the wrong place which one would
you enter choose wisely and remember
everything has a meaning in this place
the safe way to go is the left door but
only if you take the torch with you
wolves are afraid of fire and you'll be
able to scare off the Beast before it
attacks you now even if you didn't
answer correctly
don't worry yet you have two more tries
and the next place you're transported to
is a forest glade the sun is shining in
the sky and on the edge of the Glade you
see two huts in the left one lives a
witch who will lure you inside and
poison you if you so much as knock on
her door in the right one there's a
vampire that will launch himself at you
as soon as you step on the front porch
of his heart which height is safe then
in order to survive without trouble you
should go to the right Hut
it's sunny remember vampires can't take
the Sun so if you step on the porch of
his house and he throws himself at you
he'll just burn to ashes when you cross
the doorstep of the hut you've chosen
the maze takes you to the next puzzle
and that's the South Pole you're
freezing and to make matters worse a
powerful snow storm is approaching you
have to find a shelter luckily there are
two caves right in front of you in the
left one there's a hungry polar bear and
the right one is filled with radioactive
waste which one would you choose to hide
in
[Music]
your best decision would be to stuff
yourself into the cave on the left why
well not because your chances to survive
the bear are higher it's just that there
are no polar bears in the South Pole now
bear with me okay you've still got
places to go and things to do in this
labyrinth your next location is a barren
wasteland there's literally nothing
around you but scorched earth it must be
hot at daytime but lucky you it's night
at the moment I know I said there was
nothing around but that's not entirely
true
there's a decrepit shed nearby inside
the shed there are two trap doors in the
ceiling if you open the left one a huge
scorpion will jump right at you and if
you choose the right one you'll see a
giant magnifying glass that will scorch
you in no time which trap door is safe
to open
if you've chosen the one with a
magnifying glass congratulations you've
come yet another step closer to freedom
the glass needs the Sun to shine through
it to burn things down since it's dark
outside right now you can enter without
fear so are you still here have you
managed to go this far without wasting
all of your attempts good for you now
the next place you're teleported to is
an underwater cave you have barely
enough air in your lungs to keep you
from drowning so you have to find
someplace to breathe and fast to your
relief there are of course two air
pockets nearby inside one of them
however there's a swarm of blood-sucking
bats well in the second one there's a
dangerous looking shark lurking and
waiting to feed on you which way is
safer
surprisingly the air pocket with the
shark is the safe one if I remember
correctly sharks can't breathe outside
water so there's no way it can be inside
the pocket well take a good and hearty
breather and prepare for the next puzzle
it takes place in a medieval castle
you're in a richly decorated chamber
with tapestries on every wall full
Knights armor standing in every corner
and a huge four-poster bed in the middle
there are two doors leading out of the
room behind one there are a couple of
lions trained to attack intruders on
smell behind the other there's a
champion that will attack anyone who
doesn't have this castles attributes on
them just in case you're wondering you
don't so how can you escape the room
you're stuck in
[Music]
you can go safely enough through the
door with the champion behind it
you only need to wear one of those
armors standing in the corners of the
room and he'll let you pass you're close
to the exit from the maze now don't give
up
press on you'll find yourself in a room
full of various small animals they don't
mean you any harm
among others you spot a mouse a frog a
cat a mongoose a fox and a rabbit as
usual there are two doors out of the
room behind one there's a venomous snake
that hisses at you and threatens to bite
as soon as you cross the door step
behind the other there's a poisonous
cloud that will choke you if you breathe
it in which doorway can you use to go
further
[Music]
well take the Mongoose with you and open
the door to the snake as you might know
Mongoose is our natural enemies of
snakes so just wait until it gets rid of
the serpent and go you're now almost
free if you manage to go this far it'll
be a shame not to make it to the exit
don't you think don't take any chances
use your logic and find the way out of
the next and last room of the maze it's
not gonna be easy and I'm not going to
give you any hints but you've been doing
great so far
and I'm pretty sure you'll take this
last step with triumph so you're
standing in a room with nothing else but
a table in front of you there are three
items on it a vial of perfume a razor
and a length of rope on the opposite
side of the table there are three doors
behind the first one is a bald person
that looks just like you and they'll
strangle you when they see you behind
the second are blind and hungry hounds
that will eat you alive and behind the
third one is an enraged Buffalo that
stands with its back to you until you
cross the doorstep and when you do it
will rush and trample you hmm which door
will you choose and why think it over
carefully after all your life and
freedom is at stake
well if you think about it unlike the
rest of the rooms all three doors in
this one lead to freedom you just need
to find a way that best suits you if you
chose the door with a person you should
remember that they look exactly like you
except one detail they're completely
bald
so take the razor from the table and
shave off your hair when you open the
door the person will think they're
looking at themselves and let you go by
the way if you already have no hair on
your head you can just skip the razor
part altogether convenient huh if you
prefer the door with the blind hounds
take the vial of perfume even dogs that
are able to see mostly find their
bearings by scent for blind ones it's
the only way you can either throw the
vial in the far corner of the room so
that it shatters and confuses the hounds
or spray the perfume all around the room
to the same end the dogs will have no
chance to find you and finally if you
chose the Buffalo take the rope and make
a noose on its end open the door and
while the Beast is still standing with
its back to you throw the noose over its
horns if you're successful you'll have a
tame Buffalo and a freeway to the exit
congratulations my courageous friend did
you manage to go through all the rooms
without exceeding your three attempts
let me know how many rooms you pass down
in the comments hey if you learned
something new today then give this video
a like and share with a friend but don't
go open any more doors just yet we have
thousands of cool videos for you to
check out just click on this left or
right video and enjoy remember stay on
the bright side of life